[12.0] stock_whole_kit_constraint: New Addon (#632)
OCA/manufacture: stock_whole_kit_constraint/README.rst

   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fmanufacture-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/manufacture/tree/12.0/stock_whole_kit_constraint
    :alt: OCA/manufacture
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/manufacture-12-0/manufacture-12-0-stock_whole_kit_constraint
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/129/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> This module allows to configure a product kit to disallow partial deliveries so the
> componentes can't be partially delivered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows to configure a product that has a BoM of type kit to disallow partial
 deliveries so that the components can't be partially delivered.
```

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To disallow kits partial deliveries:

> #. Go to the kit product template and then to the *Inventory* tab, *Logistics* group.

Reviewer: or product variant form, isn't it?

Author: Yes, added

> #. Set *Allow Partial Kit* off.

Reviewer: Isn't the default as False?

Author: The default is to allow partial deliveries

Reviewer: Yes, so the redaction should change.

Author: What do you mean?

Reviewer: You have to put something similar to:
```
To allow/disallow the partial delivery of kits:

#. Go to...
#. The check "Allow Partial Kit" controls this. If marked, it will allow it.
#. By default, the check is not marked.

Author: Ok, changed

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Make a delivery picking with a kit product.
#. Try to deliver it partially.
#. An error will raise.

If you want to deliver other items in the picking you can do so and leave the

> whole picking pending units in a backorder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
whole kit components units pending in a backorder.
```
